List of included locales for reference with Language Names:

# English must be first as default locale
locale  getsendbutton en    chrome/locale/en/      # English
locale  getsendbutton ar    chrome/locale/ar/      # Arabian
locale  getsendbutton be    chrome/locale/be/      # Belarus
locale  getsendbutton ca    chrome/locale/ca/      # Canadian
locale  getsendbutton cs    chrome/locale/cs/      # Czech
locale  getsendbutton da    chrome/locale/da/      # Danish
locale  getsendbutton de    chrome/locale/de/      # German
locale  getsendbutton el    chrome/locale/el/      # Greek
locale  getsendbutton es    chrome/locale/es/      # Spanish
locale  getsendbutton fi    chrome/locale/fi/      # Finish
locale  getsendbutton fr    chrome/locale/fr/      # French
locale  getsendbutton fy    chrome/locale/fy/      # Frisian
locale  getsendbutton he    chrome/locale/he/      # Hebrew
locale  getsendbutton hr    chrome/locale/hr/      # Croatian
locale  getsendbutton hu    chrome/locale/hu/      # Hungarian
locale  getsendbutton it    chrome/locale/it/      # Italian
locale  getsendbutton ja    chrome/locale/ja/      # Japanese
locale  getsendbutton ko    chrome/locale/ko/      # Korean
locale  getsendbutton nl    chrome/locale/nl/      # Dutch
locale  getsendbutton no    chrome/locale/no/      # Norwegian
locale  getsendbutton pl    chrome/locale/pl/      # Polish
locale  getsendbutton pt    chrome/locale/pt/      # Portugese
locale  getsendbutton pt-BR chrome/locale/pt-BR/   # Brasilian
locale  getsendbutton ro    chrome/locale/ro/      # Romanian
locale  getsendbutton ru    chrome/locale/ru/      # Russia
locale  getsendbutton sk    chrome/locale/sk/      # Slowakian
locale  getsendbutton sl    chrome/locale/sl/      # Slowenian
locale  getsendbutton sr    chrome/locale/sr/      # Serbian
locale  getsendbutton sv    chrome/locale/sv/      # Svedish
locale  getsendbutton tr    chrome/locale/tr/      # Turkish
locale  getsendbutton uk    chrome/locale/uk/      # Ukrainian
locale  getsendbutton zh    chrome/locale/zh/      # Chinese Simplified
locale  getsendbutton zh-TW chrome/locale/zh-TW/   # Chinese Traditional - Taiwanese
